README.md, before:

# Result oriented resume templates for engineers

### Table of contents:

Hard skills
- [Summary/Architecture](#summary/architecture)
- [Technical skills](#technical-skills)
- [SDE Processes](#sde-processes)

Soft skills
- [Collaboration](#collaboration)
- [Mentorship](#mentorship)


### Format:

- Template achievement.
> Template example.

## Hard Skills

### Summary/Architecture

- ...
> Wrote high-quality code using MVVM architecture with RX and covering code with unit tests and UI automation tests, resulting in 90% test coverage.

- ...
> Developed backend driven UI architecture, where screens and interactions are defined by JSON. That allowed to instantly push updates to users without them having to update the app.

### Technical skills

- ...
> Implemented 100% programmatic UI in Swift using UIKit.

- ...
> Implemented accessibility navigation for complex UI elements. Ex.: interactive chart.

### SDE Processes

- Reviewed \<X> pull requests daily using \<CODE REVIEW GUIDELINE NAME>.
> Reviewed 2–5 pull requests daily using Google’s code review best practices.

- Co-authored code standards for \<TEAM NAME> of \<X> people.
> Co-authored code standards for iOS team of 10 people.

## Soft Skills

### Collaboration

- Collaborated with \<ABC> engineers to develop \<XYZ>
> Collaborated with backend and Android engineers to develop REST API contracts.

> Collaborated with designers and created programmatic UI using Swift.

- Worked with a cross-functional team of \<X> people: \<LIST OF TEAMS>.
> Worked with a cross-functional team of 50 people: mobile and backend engineers, designers, QA, data analytics.<br>


### Mentorship

- Mentored \<X> junior engineers.
> Mentored 2 junior engineers.

- Onboarded \<X> new hires.
> Onboarded 3 new hires.

Commit message:

Add more examples from my resume.

README.md, after:

# Result oriented resume templates for engineers

### Table of contents:

Hard skills
- [Summary/Architecture](#summary/architecture)
- [Technical skills](#technical-skills)
- [SDE Processes](#sde-processes)

Soft skills
- [Collaboration](#collaboration)
- [Mentorship](#mentorship)


### Format:

- Template achievement.
> Template example.

## Hard Skills

### Summary/Architecture

- Wrote high-quality code using \<ARCHITECTURE NAME> with \<TECHNOLOGY NAME> and covering code with \<TEST TYPES> resulting in \<X>% test coverage.
> Wrote high-quality code using MVVM architecture with RX and covering code with unit tests and UI automation tests, resulting in 90% test coverage.

- Developed \<ARCHITECTURE NAME>, \<ARCHITECTURE EXPLANATION>. That allowed to \<LIST OF BENEFITS>.
> Developed backend driven UI architecture, where screens and interactions are defined by JSON. That allowed to instantly push updates to users without them having to update the app. Think of it as a mobile browser engine.

### Technical skills and achievements

- Enhanced \<app's / system's> core feature by \<X>% by \<integrating / implementing / developing> \<TECHNOLOGY NAME>.
> Enhanced app's core feature by 30% by integrating Machine Learning text recognition solution (ML OCR) into the app.

- Speed up \<PROCESS NAME> by \<X>% by \<ACTION NAME>.
> Speed up provisioning profile distribution process from 7 minutes to 1 minute by creating shell scripts to encrypt, decrypt, install provisioning profiles.

- Saved \<X> developer hours by \<ACTION NAME>.
> Saved 150 developer hours by documenting guideline to create common UI components, that improved development speed by 50%.

- Implemented new features: \<LIST OF FEATURES> using \<LIST OF TECHNOLOGIES>.
> Implemented new features: user forms with input validation (100% programmatic UI), custom UI components, file upload, and data exchange with backend using REST.

> Implemented 100% programmatic UI in Swift using UIKit.

- \<Migrated / converted> \<codebase / database / service / cloud> from \<OLD STUFF> to \<NEW STUFF>. \<NUMERIC RESULT>.
> Migrated old codebase from Objective-C to Swift. Brought down from ~60,000 lines of code to ~45,000.
> Converted XIB and Storyboard UI files to Swift. Reduced XIB files from 26 to 12.

- A11Y: implemented accessibility for \<COMPONENT YOU MADE ACCESSIBLE>.
> A11Y: implemented accessibility navigation for complex UI elements. Ex.: interactive chart.

### SDE Processes

- Reviewed \<X> pull requests daily using \<CODE REVIEW GUIDELINE NAME>.
> Reviewed 2–5 pull requests daily using Google’s code review best practices.

- Co-authored code standards for \<TEAM NAME> of \<X> people.
> Co-authored code standards for iOS team of 10 people.

## Soft Skills

### Collaboration

- Collaborated with \<ABC> engineers to develop \<XYZ>
> Collaborated with backend and Android engineers to develop REST API contracts.

> Collaborated with designers and created programmatic UI using Swift.

- Worked with a cross-functional team of \<X> people: \<LIST OF TEAMS>.
> Worked with a cross-functional team of 50 people: mobile and backend engineers, designers, QA, data analytics.<br>


### Mentorship

- Mentored \<X> junior engineers.
> Mentored 2 junior engineers.

- Trained \<X> poeple to \<LIST OF TECHNOLOGIES>.
> Trained over 500 children aged between 9-16 to computer programming, game development, basics of algorithms, and data structures using Scratch, Minecraft, and C++.

- Onboarded \<X> new hires.
> Onboarded 3 new hires.

- Improved onboarding process by creating \<CONTENT NAME>.
> Improved onboarding process by recording video for dev environment setup, which saved 0,5 hour per developer.
